I was born on 17th September in a lower middle class family. 
My father Ashok Kumar Pirangi is retired while working in a compressor and rotor assembly line. 
My mother Sumathi Pirangi is a home maker, always busy in making a home out of a small shelter.
I have an elder brother Sandeep Kumar Pirangi who is married to Shalini with 2 naughty kids Gauransh and Divyanshi.

I grew-up as an introvert in my childhood later sports me changed me to a man what I am today. I was always good in studies as well as in sports. I am a huge fan of cricket and loved to open the innings everytime. I admired Virender Sehwag and Yuvraj as a batsman and most of the fast bowlers like Brett Lee, Shoaib Akhtar, Bhuvneshwar Kumar as a bowler. I am aggressive in nature (most of the times) and have an aggressive approach when taking some decisions as well. I love to spend a lot of time with my friends even though we don't do anything useful, I like to go on drives for longer distances and have a hidden passion for adventure. 

I used to draw really well when I was in my schooling days which I didn't practice in the later days though. Besides these, I also have un-waivering love towards video games and computer games. I would spend endless hours playing games on computer or iPad or mobile. I think, this level of involment in games made me smarter Give a chance or if time permits, I would like to purchase a Play Station and have a lovely and satifying time with it.

I had a tough time when I was working as a Tech Support agent (2012-13) during the night and used to prepare for GATE (entrance test for Masters in Engineering in India) in the day hours. That had a bad impact on my eat-sleep cycles but nonetheless it was all forgotten when I got placed in JNT University, Kukatpally, Hyderabad which is probably the second best college/University in Hyderabad. That opportunity drove me towards working for a start-up as an intern and then as a full-time software developer in the later days.

My life took a turn when I was diagnosed with CKD (Chronic Kidney Disease) in 2018. This was a big backlash on me personally and professionally when I was strugging with my health besides strugging to fund my own treatment. This went on and also made me go for dialysis from 2021. This was probably the toughest phase which has been taking me down very slowly making me feel evey bit of my pain. There was a point when my blood pressure was peaking at 240/105, severe headaches throughout the day and have also lost my vision temporarily for a fail bit of time. I still don't remember how did I manage to work without able to see what is only my computer screen being a programmer. 

All that has come to and in Feb, 2023 when my mom gave birth to me the second time by donating her kidney. Thanks to her, I'm alive again and almost back to normal or better than my past life. Being Sudeep 2.0, now I'm a different person not totally but probably more matured to my age in terms of perception and mindset. I got a second chance and would like to make best out of it as long as I can. Only thing I did in my downtime was trying to live the way I used to and not think much about what is going to happen to me, I accepted and made my mind that my days are going to be painful and I still have to thrive and take care of the family - "What is supposed to happen will happen".